It is the official seal of the 33rd family of Qinzhou
It's true.
So many companies cooperate with our company
And it is true that the total order amount is as high as tens of billions.
And the collaboration project starts right away
Isn't this equivalent to
Our group
Got the contract for the tens of billions project in disguise
And although he was not promoted to an aristocratic family
But the background is more powerful than the aristocratic family
Didn't this Qinzhou 33rd family take refuge in depression?
Why cooperate with our group?
Could it be Ye Shao?
Daughter, before you enter the door
Ye Shao Ye Aotian called
Said to invite you
Attend Mr. Gu's thank you banquet tomorrow
That must be the Tengyun Mountain Club Heroes Competition
Southern Shiqin Prefecture
Business leaders in Yangzhou and Guizhou
It must be Ye Shao who sees that you are wronged
So I specifically reached out to help
Daughter, it was because of Xiao Chen back then
You and Ye Shao have no fate
Now our family is encountering such a big difficulty
Ye Shao took action to help
Don't miss it this time!
Mom, I just want to revitalize the Su family now
The rest depends on fate
Then tomorrow you will be with him
It's okay to go to this dinner party, right?
Mr. Su, you will definitely become Daxia
The most dazzling commercial pearl
Fortunately, you kicked away Xiao Chen, this trash in time.
Otherwise, the prosperity will definitely not be so smooth
This is called
There is a way
Xiao Chen, look at
I will definitely climb to the top of the hero by myself